Parainfo (#1904)
w3f/polkadot-wiki: docs/build-build-with-polkadot.md

about them. Developers may be interested in joining the
[Polkadot Beginners Lounge](https://riot.im/app/#/room/#polkadotnoobs:matrix.org) or
[Substrate Technical](https://riot.im/app/#/room/#substrate-technical:matrix.org) to ask their

> questions. As always, keep up to date with Polkadot and Kusamaby following the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
questions. As always, keep up to date with Polkadot and Kusama by following the
```
